Feat : handle accessibility in focusable views (#79)
bamlab/react-tv-space-navigation: docs/accessibility.md

![talkback](./talkback.gif)

Since we bypass the native focus, and the screen readers rely on the native elements, it's a difficult topic.

> The `SpatialNavigatioNFocusableView` that you can use integrate basic accessibility props relavant to make the library work with talkback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SpatialNavigatioNFocusableView` that you can use integrate basic accessibility props relevant to make the library work with TalkBack (Android only).
```

Author: fixed

The two main caveats are :

- Your elements will still be focusable, but the user will need to press
  enter to grab focus on an element, which is not standard at all.

> - You NEED to use the props `accessible` on `SpatialNavigatioNFocusableView` that contain image, or it won't work. You can see in the example the `Program.tsx` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You might need to add the props `accessible` on `SpatialNavigationFocusableView` children. For example, focusable images won't work without it. You can check it out in the example, in the `Program.tsx` component.
```

Author: Fixed
